Recently, we have all seen the internet
go crazy over the autonomous AI agent
that lives within your computer called
Claudebot, which has now already been
rebranded to OpenClaw. For those who do
not know what OpenClaw is, it's an
autonomous AI agent, a self-hosted agent
runtime and message router that acts as
a personal AI assistant running directly
on your local machine. Like for example,
this OpenClaw bot that is building a
full stack app directly from tweets sent
onto Twitter. You just simply tag the
OpenClaw agent from Twitter and it
builds out your app with the functioning
database authentication system, realtime
sync, and so many other components.
Keeps refining it, fixes errors with
multiple sub aents, and iterates until
you get the best output. That's thanks
to Open Claw specialized sub aents. And
here is my own demo where I showcased in
my OpenCloud video. And this is where I
deployed multiple sub agents controlled
by OpenClaw locally onto my desktop to
clean up and organize my files. And it
did it surprisingly quite fast. But all
of this got me wondering, how can I
actually use OpenCloud better? Is there
a way to use stronger models like Opus
4.6, six give me K 2.5 for free or even
Gemini 3 inside it completely for free
and the answer is yes and that's where I
realized the best workflow is to
integrate open code with open claw
similar to how we connected openclaw
with anti-gravity and it's actually
pretty simple open code for those who do
not know is the best open-source AI
coding agent that lives directly within
your terminal it's good because it can
actually read edit and reason over your
real codebase. It can run task. You can
use GP and work across files using any
model of your choice. So, it feels like
a real coding teammate and not just a
chat box. Plus, you get to use free
models with open code. But before we
even get to this workflow, there was
another issue that we all saw and that
is with OpenClaw being dangerous cuz it
is deployed locally and it can control
and execute tools off of your own
machine. A bad prompt or a bad bug can
modify, delete or leak files fast
without any safeguards. We all know that
skills enhance the sub agents of
OpenClaw. And there's registries like
Claw Hub which showcase how you can
install these skills quite easily. Claw
Hub provides additional skills made by
third party community members and are
not always safe. In fact, there are
8,000 instances sitting exposed directly
in the internet on default ports and
nearly 50% of it are communitybuilt
skills that contain malicious
instructions that are designed to
exfiltrate data. For example, I'm on
Skillhub right now and if I am to browse
a skill, a lot of these skills are
vetted by the community and the skill
can actually look safe, but some of
these skills can actually steal your
crypto wallets. They can actually steal
your credit card information and even
sin numbers. They're deployed to look
safe, but behind the scenes, they're
actually doing malicious work. And
there's always a solution to this cuz
there is a new infrastructure by Gen
Digital, which is a Fortune 500 company
pushing the frontier of AI safety, which
is also today's video sponsor. This is
something that is completely safe, and I
am telling you cuz I have actually used
it. They released this new thing called
agent trust hub which is a skill scanner
that will automatically detect and block
any critical threats which is a gamecher
because this brings trust when you're
working with this workflow. I'll
showcase how you can set this up and it
is something that you can easily get
started with through an API as well as
discovering skills directly from their
own registry. Now, we can actually set
up a really powerful workflow that not
only uses Google's oath directly within
OpenClaw, which lets you access
state-of-the-art models completely for
free, but you can also use OpenClaw's
features to build way faster and easier
powered with Open Code. Essentially,
OpenClaw becomes the command center with
this workflow where it makes automatic
decisions and routes tasks through the
Open Code agent. And that is where the
open code agent uses specialized agents
trained for specific jobs. In other
words, open claw handles the planning
and orchestration while open code which
is another open-source agent which is
also free can handle execution with
multiple sub aents. And you can even
wire this up with cron jobs or
specialized commands to run tasks
autonomously and at different times
based off your own preference. And the
results are definitely impressive cuz
someone actually used this workflow
where they combined open code with
openclaw to create this beautiful
functional SAS which is something that
was built with this workflow and even
deployed a review agent to refine the
output even further which is pushing the
quality even higher. There's a couple of
prerequisites that we're going to need
to have beforehand and that is making
sure you have node 22 and above. Make
sure you go ahead and copy this npm
install command to install OpenClaw onto
our computer. And what we're going to do
now is go into our command prompt and
then simply go ahead and paste in the
npm install command to install OpenClaw.
Now, in my case, I'm going to be using
the Google Vertex anti-gravity and
Gemini O to actually have it power my
open code as well as my open clot
sessions, which I can use completely for
free if I have a Google account. And to
enable this you can use the following
command the open claw plugins enable
google anti-gravity o. You can simply go
ahead and copy this and then you can
enable it directly within your terminal.
So you can go ahead and paste this. Then
what you got to do is just simply log in
with your Google o and then you can use
this command to help you do this. So
you'll see that once you paste in that
login command it will prompt you to
select the provider. In this case, I'm
using anti-gravity, so I selected that.
And it will prompt you to sign in with
the Google account. And just like that,
you will now be able to use
state-of-the-art models directly within
OpenClaw and have the open claw sub
agents powered by the Google uh provider
where you can use Gemini 3 as well as
Opus 4.6. Now, to use OpenClaw, you just
need to use this onboarding install
Damon, which will showcase how you can
set it up quite easily. Now, I've
already made a video as to how you can
do this, which I'll leave in the
description below, but it's super
simple. It will guide you through what
you got to do. Selecting the provider,
selecting the message router, and
whatnot. Now, I also saw that Agent
Trust Hub is also releasing a one-click
secure OpenCloud deployment. And I
definitely recommend that you register
for this cuz it's even safer than what
we're doing right now. So, you should
have it running after following through
with the onboarding step. And you will
be able to now essentially access
OpenClaw and then have OpenClaw instruct
Open Code, the AI agent, to have it
execute different sorts of tasks cuz
OpenClaw is going to be the brain. Open
code is going to handle and execute it.
Now, what we're going to need to do next
is simply go ahead over to this Open
Code website. And what we're going to
need to do now is install Open Code. And
I'm going to be using npm to install it
onto my computer. Once you have it
running, now what we're going to need to
do is have OpenClaw enabled to control
Open Code. Meaning, we're going to need
to set up a skill that can essentially
have OpenClaw control open code. And you
will be able to see that there are a lot
of skills, but there isn't a skill to
actually control Open Code. But if you
head over to Claw Hub, which is the
skills registry, there are a couple of
skills that can help you run Open Code
with OpenClaw. And in this case, if you
want to verify if this is a trustworthy
skill, you can copy the URL to make sure
that it isn't anything malicious. And
then you can head over to agent trust,
which I talked about earlier in the
video. You can scroll down. You can
either set this up so that it can check
a skill via API as an agent. But since
we are a human, we can actually go ahead
and paste in this link and we can submit
it to the agent trust hub which will
actually check if this is a safe skill.
And in this case, you can see that it is
a lowrisk skill and it talks about what
sort of things that the skill will
actually do to your computer. And then
you can also even provide your email to
get a full report. And guys, there are a
couple of helpful skills already there.
You can discover these safe skills that
will actually enhance Open Claw directly
from Agent Trust Hub. Now, I'm not even
going to lie, the Agent Trust Scanner
did just save me cuz I was just looking
for a skill that can help me control
Open Code. And I found this. And I
actually just pasted this in through the
agent skills scanner. And you can see
that it had actually found a skill that
instructs an agent to download and
execute an installation script from an
external website which would have been a
disaster. It would have installed some
malware onto my computer and I
essentially would have been screwed. But
the one that we're going to be using is
called open code controller and this is
essentially going to have open claw
control open code with slash commands
using the skill to manage multiple
sessions. So essentially I can have open
claw running different cron jobs,
routing different sorts of tasks to open
code to maybe even have it edit files,
running a continuous debugging agent to
make sure that it catches every sort of
bug and just building sophisticated
applications for me. Just to double
check, I had made sure that I used the
skill scanner to verify that if this
skill is malicious or not. And it looks
like it is safe. So, what we can now do
is go back to the claw hub scale and
what we can do is open up a new
terminal. And it's super simple to add
this. Do this at your own discretion,
guys. Verify it continuously just to
make sure you're not installing anything
uh sus. So, what we're going to do is
just paste in the open claw skills add
command and then paste in the link for
this claw hub skill. And you can see
that it is now initializing the skill.
Now if you go back into openclaw if you
are to install this correctly like I
showcased you will see it within
workspace skills under this tab you'll
see that open code controller is now
eligible and functional within openclaw.
If you do not want to use this by the
way you can just simply click on disable
but this is where the beauty comes in
with open claw. Now, there's a lot of
videos that showcase how you can easily
set this up, but you can schedule
multiple agents to do certain task at
different times. So, if you have a
production build and if you want to have
a reviewer agent, making sure that it is
on standby and making sure that if there
is an error, you can have a task set up
so that it can deploy Open Code to
essentially solve a task while you're
probably away, while you're sleeping.
And that's essentially how you can
automate a lot of different tasks. Now,
we're going to showcase this obviously
as we go further, but this is just one
idea of what you can do. So, let me just
showcase a simple example. This is where
I'm going to have it request to use the
open code controller skill that sets up
a basic Node.js or React project,
installs the dependencies, and starts up
a dev server automatically for a CRM
dashboard. This is where we're going to
have it create the custom scripts. going
to have it convert the idea into code.
And this is something that we're all
doing based off of a textual prompt
within OpenClaw. Also, just an FYI, I
want to reiterate that you can also use
the O, the Google O directly within Open
Code as well as Kimmy K2.5 completely
for free. Currently, it has started
working on the plan as to how it's going
to implement the CRM dashboard and how
it's going to code it out with open
code. And it's actually asking for a
couple of things. And then it is going
to fire up and start coding out this app
for us. And just like that, OpenCloud
was able to deploy sub agents to Open
Code to help us develop this CRM
dashboard, which looks absolutely
remarkable, guys. quality is perfect
because it was able to use my presets to
build out this fullon CRM dashboard. And
this is a functional dashboard that is
actually working as well. And it has
added the color palette that I was
actually looking for for my CRM
dashboard. This is what you can
definitely do with Open Code being
controlled by OpenClaw as it can use all
of your presets intelligently to
instantly generate what you're looking
for. In my opinion, this opens up a lot
of different avenues because you can
actually automate repetitive coding
tasks without touching files manually
and just using the message router to
deploy open code sub aents to execute
those tasks. You can run API checks,
generate project scaffolds, even combine
multiple skills into workflows
seamlessly. Plus, you can use so many
additional skills with OpenClaw and Open
Code to automate a lot of different
things. This is just a basic structure
that I had showcased that would
essentially automate and help you in so
many ways. If you like this video and
would love to support the channel, you
can consider donating to my channel
through the super thanks option below.
Or you can consider joining our private
Discord where you can access multiple
subscriptions to different AI tools for
free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI
news and exclusive content, plus a lot
more. That's essentially the ideal
workflow where you can have open claw as
the brain and then open code as the
intelligent open-source AI coding agent
that can execute your task for you. And
using a resource like the agent trust
hub openclaw skill scanner, you can
easily catch any malicious or harmful
skill that would be detrimental to your
computer. And this way you can use open
claw super secure and safely. Now, I'll
leave all these links that I use in
today's video in the description below.
But with that thought, guys, I hope you
enjoyed today's video and got some sort
of value. This is the ideal workflow in
my opinion that is open source and fully
safe. Make sure you go ahead and
subscribe to our second channel, join
our newsletter, join our Discord, follow
me on Twitter, and lastly, make sure you
go ahead and subscribe to the YouTube
channel. Make sure you take a look at
our previous videos, turn on
notification bell, like this video, and
with that thought, guys, thank you guys
so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed
today's video and got some sort of
value. I'll leave all these links, as I
said, in the description below. But with
that thought, guys, have an amazing day.
Spread positivity, and I'll see you guys
fairly shortly. Peace out, fellas.